
Q1 . Web developer using web IDE for web application development, He wants to trigger testing for the application 
 which of following options of Dev Ops will be used for?

   a) agile unit Testing
   b) Delivery PipeLine - Build Stage (a)
   c) automated Unit testing
   d) track and plan unit test task



Q2. Which of the following are action properties of data-forge(service) Select 2
section last exercise-

data forge-target--cloudantnosqldb,dashdb,sqldb---
  a) creates New sQL Database
  b) Joins more than one tables(a)
  c) cleanse incoming data(a)
  d) modify incoming data.
  e) Load large amount sample data


Q3(d). When user deploys the applicaton using CF PUSH command, he gets error related to VCAP_Services Environment variables.. 
Which of the following action the developer will perform to solve this issue.


  a) modify manifest.yml to include new environment variables

  b) cf env <appName> to list all the environment properties related to application (A)

  c) Cf set-env <appname>
  
  d) delete environment repush with new environment variables


Q4. Which of the following statement is true for CF Apps command

   a) list all application and services of the developers organization
   b) List all application and their resource utlization for developers spaces in the organization (A)
   c) List all application and service for which user is the owner



Q5. Which of the following are features of cloudant sync ? Select 2


   a) mobile application can access the data even though network is down. (A)
 
   b) always encrypts the senstive data during replication
   
   c) Replication is fast because it replicate data less than 2 KB

   d) scaling give better performance compared to single large database (A)
 
   e) Over a period the database size becomes small since its sync with all dbs across..




Q6. Which of the following are type of work in agile methodology tracks and Plan? select 3

 a) PMR
 b) story (A)
 c) defect (A)
 d) Task (A)
 e) etc
 f) etc


Q7. Which of the following statements are correct for auto scaling policy 

   ans :  If average Memory utilization exceeds 80% for 600 seconds then add 1 instance  


Q8(d). Which of the following statements are true regarding application and services.

    a) one application can be bound to one service instance

    b) more than one application can be bound to one service instance (A)

 
Q9. When an organisatio has ready to use  appplication, which of the following cloud model will be used 

    a) PaaS
    b) IaaS
    c) SaaS (A)
    d) AaaS


Q10. When a developer wants to expose his application as service  which of the following are option can be used? select 2

    a) IBM Cloud
    b) IBM Softlayer(IAAAS)
    c) IBM Market Place  (A)
    d) develop as third party service  and use it IBM Bluemix (A)



Q11. one question from Container commands  


Q12. Question on HTTP Session with a diagram

  a) session details are stored in file store in remote system
  b) session details are stored in SQL DB
  c) Session data available even application instance crashes (A)

 

Q13. What options available in IBM SQL Databse "Run Query" menu?


             1) Only SELECT Commands can be executed
             2) json documents format can be done
             3) 


Q14. when execution cf push command  getting the following error

 0 instance running 1 instance has start timeout error

  how rectify this error?

   A) Increat deploy time period in manifest.yml and re push the application
   b) Increase start waiting time and push the application (a)
   c) increase stage timeout period and push

Q15, which of the following components are requried for management  of an application(sequence diagram)

       a) router
       b) buildpack
       c) Cloud controler (A)
       d) health manager


Q16. Which of the following options are available for SQL Command in dash DB? select 2. (Check this options)


     a) can be saved in named file and execute later.(A)
     b) Can be validated before excuting (A)
     c) Syntax error will be identified during the execution of command
     d) Informix syntax only can be validated


Q17. 2 question from 12 factors I got question from Rule 3 (Storage Configuration environment, VCAP SERvices). One more question on packaging rule
table and data should be available before  befora application startup...?


Q18. While working in Wbe IDE, If the user what to change the region for deployement what options can be used.

      a) launch configuration (A)

      b) modifying manifest.yml
      
      c) blah
    
      d) blah


Q19. Developer wants to know the cpu, memory and resource untilization of application, which of the following can be used?

   a) instance panel in dash board (A)
   b) Analytical Service
   c) etc
   d) etc


Q20. Which of the following is mandatory for creating view in cloudantNoSQL DB?

    a) map   (A)
    b) reduce function
    c) sort function
    d) map and reduce


Q21. Which of the following statment is true for creating view in Cloudant DB?

    a) primary index with document ID

    b) primary index with map function
   
    c) secondary index with Document ID

    d) Secondary index with map function (A)


Q22. When an application implements security using Single Sign On Service which of the following is necessary? Check

     a) implement code with sso creadential (A)
     
     b) develop form for login

     c) OAUTH clietn v2.0 implementatio with authentication call back url

     d) 

     
         











 
   


  
